% observations about the prover9 approach

* each 'edge' in the graph that is the order and connection of ideas runs in
  the opposite direction from the edge in the graph that is the order and
  connection of things.
* the definitions in part 1 all seems to involve modality, or do they? they all
  talk about what 'can be conceived'. what is the meaning of this word 'can'?
* if it really were an assumption that causation and inherence are parallel,
  then why would Spinoza have demonstrated 1p6 in such a circuitous manner?
* !!!!! 1a7 is strictly speaking false, because nothing can be conceived as not
  existing. this supports a view of Spinoza as engaged in rhetoric--attempting
  to shape and lead a mind rather than rationally compel it.
* if an attribute is a substance, then since each substance has an attribute,
  attributes have attributes. (not realizing this led to infinite loops at
  commit id 8e45e21d4060647c7fa672435c4991d55da71170)
* Spinoza assumes that two distinct things cannot be individuated by something
  that neither of them has, e.g., the attribute or affection of a third
  substance.
* Spinoza assumes that things can't exist in themselves *and* something else.
* How this may be used: (1) If a shorter path exists between A and B, that is
  evidence that Spinoza wanted the path.
* Problems with the extant method: I already translate claims into some sort of
  internal symbolic order that I don't fully understand. For example, take
  1p16. How do I understand what it means for something to follow from the
  necessity of the divine nature? I might come to think that I understand this,
  but never make explicit to myself exactly how it is that I understand it. So
  I need to make totally explicit to myself and to others how I understand the
  philosopher. To do I need some sort of symbolic order. So why not predicate
  logic, which is very simple? It contains *some* contemporary assumptions but
  *such assumptions are not avoidable --- and simply translating things into a
  contemporary natural language imports assumptions of its own.
